aliment
A special tin of hardtack: dry flavorless biscuits redeemed by their high caloric content and resistance to spoilage. The result of one of your first successful Exchanges.
atlas
Before your acceptance into the Arcanum, you'd never have dreamed of owning such a thing. A printed compendium of most all known geographical charts and surveys, it's about the size and weight of a human torso. Your assignment isn't exactly remote enough to necessitate it.
companion
Your faithful companion, Ravai, a pet chipmunk. You came home to her skittering around your room during your first year at the Arcanum. You never figured out how she got in, and you never quite tamed her, but you've always felt a kinship with her.
coin
A single silver coin, speckled with tarnish. Depicts the long-dead king who established the modern system of currency. Even in profile, his unattractiveness is apparent.
dagger
A wicked little dagger, razor sharp and the perfect size and shape to conceal in a sleeve. Not that you know about such things.
dice
A pair of dice. A careful count of their faces yields nineteen each, yet they look like perfect Platonic solids. The material of which they are made is completely unfamiliar.
fiend
A mean little bastard, about the size of a chipmunk. Fast, too. Species unknown. It won't stop moving around long enough for you to get a good look at it.
implements
A sheaf of paper, a quill, and an inkpot. Not strictly necessary to perform Exchanges; most find it useful to take notes afterwards, though some notable wizards contend that an overreliance on procedure can curb instinctual development.
needle
A hand's breadth long and a hair's breadth thin, it is somehow completely rigid. You can only see it when the light hits it just so.
orb
A vitreous, milky-white sphere about the size of a grapefruit. Given to you by a superstitious classmate after an ominous and unsolicited tarot reading. All it's ever done is gather dust in a corner of your dormitory; as far as you can tell, it's just a hunk of glass.
ribbon
A hair ribbon, deep red and unusually ornate for a Vandinan accessory. A strand of golden hair clings to it.
ring
A ring "carved" of dark wood. Fits perfectly on your ring finger. A complex pattern of lines is lightly etched into it; it looks like almost like a language, though certainly not one you've ever seen.
seeds
A handful of seeds, species unknown. They are extremely hard, suggesting inedibility. You suspect botanists would be keen to get their green little thumbs on these.
skein
A bundle of undyed woolen yarn. Two knitting needles are stuck through it. Smells like a farm...
spirit
A leather canteen filled with spirit that waters the eye just to smell it. You wouldn't dare take a swig... would you?
veil
Made of gauzy black fabric. Looking at it, you'd think it would be quite easy to see through. Putting it on reveals this to not be the case.